Cancel open orders during shutdown (#3210)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/configuration.md

| `fiat_display_currency` | Fiat currency used to show your profits. [More information below](#what-values-can-be-used-for-fiat_display_currency). <br> **Datatype:** String
| `dry_run` | **Required.** Define if the bot must be in Dry Run or production mode. <br>*Defaults to `true`.* <br> **Datatype:** Boolean
| `dry_run_wallet` | Define the starting amount in stake currency for the simulated wallet used by the bot running in the Dry Run mode.<br>*Defaults to `1000`.* <br> **Datatype:** Float

> | `cancel_open_orders_on_exit` | Cancel orders when `/stop` is issued or `ctrl+c` is pressed. This will allow you to use `/stop` to cancel unfilled orders in the event of a market crash. This will not impact open positions. <br>*Defaults to `False`.* <br> **Datatype:** Boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cancel_open_orders_on_exit` | Cancel open orders when the `/stop` RPC command is issued, `Ctrl+C` is pressed or the bot dies unexpectedly. When set to `true`, this allows you to use `/stop` to cancel unfilled and partially filled orders in the event of a market crash. It does not impact open positions. <br>*Defaults to `false`.* <br> **Datatype:** Boolean
```
